README.md, before:

# Unleash client for Swift
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/silvercar/unleash-client-swift/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/silvercar/unleash-client-swift)
[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)

This is the unofficial Swift client for Unleash. Read more about the [Unleash project](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash)
**Version 3.x of the client requires `unleash-server` >= v3.x**

## Installation
### Using [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
Carthage is a decentralized dependency manager that builds your dependencies and provides you with binary frameworks.

You can install Carthage with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) using the following command:
```
$ brew update
$ brew install carthage
```

To add the Unleash Swift Client into your Xcode project using Carthage, add the following to your `Cartfile`:
```
github "silvercar/unleash-client-swift" ~> 1.0 
```

Run `carthage update --platform ios` to build the framework and drag the built `Unleash.framework` into your Xcode project.

## Development
### Requirements:
* [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
* [Codecov](https://docs.codecov.io/docs/quick-start)
* [Swiftlint](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint)

### Carthage
This project uses carthage for dependency management. See the [Carthage Project](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) for more info. 

#### Pre-requisite:
Your github account needs to be configured for SSH access from your development machine.

#### Quickstart:
If you have [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) installed on your Mac, you can install Carthage and get started contributing to the library by running the following commands in your terminal shell.
```
brew install carthage
carthage bootstrap --platform ios --no-use-binaries
```

### Codecov
#### TODO

### Swiftlint
#### TODO

Commit message:

SC-2536: Cocoapods Integration (#35)
* SC-2536: cocoapods integration

* SC-2536: adds pmk foundation

* SC-2536: type fix

* SC-2536: reformatted source list

README.md, after:

# Unleash client for Swift
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/silvercar/unleash-client-swift/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/silvercar/unleash-client-swift)
[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
[![CocoaPods Compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/pod-compatible-blue)](https://github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods)

This is the unofficial Swift client for Unleash. Read more about the [Unleash project](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash)
**Version 3.x of the client requires `unleash-server` >= v3.x**

## Installation
### Using [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
Carthage is a decentralized dependency manager that builds your dependencies and provides you with binary frameworks.

You can install Carthage with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) using the following command:
```
$ brew update
$ brew install carthage
```

To add the Unleash Swift Client into your Xcode project using Carthage, add the following to your `Cartfile`:
```
github "silvercar/unleash-client-swift" ~> 1.0 
```

Run `carthage update --platform ios` to build the framework and drag the built `Unleash.framework` into your Xcode project.

### Using [Cocoapods](https://cocoapods.org/)
CocoaPods is a dependency manager for Swift and Objective-C Cocoa projects. It has over 71 thousand libraries and is used in over 3 million apps. CocoaPods can help you scale your projects elegantly.

CocoaPods is built with Ruby and is installable with the default Ruby available on macOS. We recommend you use the default ruby.

Using the default Ruby install can require you to use sudo when installing gems. Further installation instructions are in the guides.

```
$ sudo gem install cocoapods
```

To add the Unleash Swift Client into your Xcode project using Cocoapods, add the following to your `Podfile`:
```
pod 'Unleash'
```

Run `pod install` to build a new workspace for your iOS project

## Development
### Requirements:
* [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
* [Codecov](https://docs.codecov.io/docs/quick-start)
* [Swiftlint](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint)

### Carthage
This project uses carthage for dependency management. See the [Carthage Project](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) for more info. 

#### Pre-requisite:
Your github account needs to be configured for SSH access from your development machine.

#### Quickstart:
If you have [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) installed on your Mac, you can install Carthage and get started contributing to the library by running the following commands in your terminal shell.
```
brew install carthage
carthage bootstrap --platform ios --no-use-binaries
```

### Codecov
#### TODO

### Swiftlint
#### TODO
